URGENT: Your account has been compromised! Click here to verify your identity and secure your information immediately.

 Congratulations! You've won a free luxury vacation to the Bahamas! To claim your prize, just provide your credit card details for verification.

Warning: Your email account is about to be suspended. To prevent this, please update your password now by visiting .

Get rich quick! Invest in our cryptocurrency scheme and turn $500 into $50,000 in just one month. Reply for more details.

Exclusive offer: You've been selected to receive a 50% discount on our premium weight loss pills. Act now, limited time only!.

Important: We've noticed unusual activity on your PayPal account. Click here to confirm your identity and secure your funds. 

You're eligible for a government grant worth $10,000! To claim your money, just pay a small processing fee of $200. 

Final notice: Your package delivery is pending. Confirm your shipping details now to avoid cancellation:.

Dear customer, your subscription is about to expire. Renew now to avoid interruption of service.

Breaking news: Scientists have discovered a miracle cure for all diseases! Learn more and order your supply today.

There is a computer virus going around, you need to download this virus protection software to protect yourself. Please do it ASAP before more of your companies computers get hacked.

Hey, I need to talk to you are the document you sent last week. The report has a number of mistakes. Can you fix it by the end of the week as we have a big meeting coming up.

Next week we will be having a group discussion on Work-Life Balance. Please fix your computers and update all softwares for the upcoming Ice breaker games on your laptop

There is a new Game in Town! You can get $800 per week from just playing 15 mins a day. Send this to a friend to get a bonus 20% payout when you play our game.

Ayy bro, I got this new lobang on a racing game, confirm will win one. I just need 3K and I will double within 2 months. Trust me and you won't regret it. Update me when you pay me ok?

There is an error with your bank Statement from OCBC, please login through ocbc_login_auth.bit.y29 and authenticate your account with your Username and Password. Don't forget to enter your OTP as well for security.